---
layout: post
title: "Curriculum Vitae"
date: 2024-01-19 20:35:00 -0000
categories: CV
permalink: /cv/
---

<style>
    ul {
        list-style-type: none;
        vertical-align: middle;
        display: table-cell;
    }
    ul li {
        margin-bottom: 10px;
    }
</style>

For a pdf version of my CV just download it [here]({{ site.url }}/download/cv.pdf).

# Experience

- 2023 - 2024: 
    * **Tutoring**, Institute of Computer Science, University of Augsburg.<br>*Supervision of the practice sessions for the lecture "Advanced Deep Learning".<br>Teaching of advanced topics form the field of deep learning-based computer vision methods.*
- 2021 - 2023:
    * **Research Assistant**, Institute of Software and Systems Engineering, University of Augsburg.<br>*Using deep learning-based methods for the optimization of resin transfer molding processes.*
- 2019 - 2020: 
    * **Research Assistant**, Institute of Software and Systems Engineering, University of Augsburg.<br>*Controlling swarms of drones via self-organizing behaviour.*<br>
    * **Working Student** seele GmbH, Gersthofen.<br>*Software development in the field of business process modeling.*
- 2017 - 2018: 
    * **Tutoring**, Institute of Computer Science, University of Augsburg.<br>*Teaching of theoretical and practical basics.*

# Internships

- 2019: 
    * **Research Internship**, Institute of Computer Science, University of Augsburg.<br>*Parallelization of Particle Swarm Optimization, a non-gradient based optimization algorithm.*

# Education

- 2020 - 2024: **M.Sc. Computer Science, University of Augsburg**
- 2015 - 2020: **B.Sc. Computer Science, University of Augsburg**
- 2014: **Abitur, Gymnasium Königsbrunn**

# Publications

1. O. Kosak, F. Bohn, L. Eing, *et al.*, "Swarm and collective capabilities for multipotent robot ensembles", in *Leveraging Applications of Formal Methods, Verification and Validation: Engineering Principles: 9th International Symposium of Leveraging Applications of Formal Methods, ISoLA 2020, Rhodes, Greece, October 20-30, 2020, Proceedings, Part II 9, Springer, 2020, pp. 525-540.*

# Skills

- **Languages:** German is my mother tongue, fluent in English
- **Programming Languages:** Good knowledge of Python and Java, some knowledge of C, C#, Elixir, and LateX
- **Additional:** Advanced knowledge in modern Deep Learning methodology, Experience in Research Planning, Experience in Science Communication
